all right the oil is done let me do the
fuel filter now what we're going to do I
have some Home Depot special here I went
into the Home Depot as Larry the Cable
Guy says it Home Depot bought me some
five-eighths outside diameter by 10 foot
long clear vinyl tubing long way they
sell it I attached it out here there's
your fuel filter and there's your
release drain it and there's the clear
tubing
I ran that tubing down to the bottom
into the bucket so what we're going to
do come over here
pitch in there push that over that's
going to be draining out here
it's gonna take all the diesel on that
fuel filter let that drain nub smell
diesel I'm a bit drain
so we have our inch in 1/8 socket on top
of the fuel filter loosen the puppy up I
spend more time looking for that hose by
the way
there's your fuel filter got the old
filter off oil ring that goes around the
housing put the new o-ring on the
housing and then the filter snaps in
there's tabs all around the inside here
that grab the filter and hold it in
place and this slides over the stem just
gonna reverse the process
so you got it set back in I just want to
tighten it up my hand get a couple turns
on
get that wrench
all right James don't worry dude oh
you're awesome man always nice to have a
somebody helping out
on there take it up a couple turns
alright got it pretty much bottom out
take that let make sure you take the
valve here close that back over that's
pretty much it for that alright now what
you're gonna do
turn the key
and you're going to do this about five
or six times
well that's going to do is that's going
to prime that fuel pump
all right so we primed it about six
times we're gonna go ahead and turn the
key over fired right up
we got mr. Shannon out there looking no
fuel leaks that's how you change your
fuel filter on an O 7 5.9 Dodge Cummins
and I believe that covers the O 3 207
models oh seven and a half because they
changed the 6 7 s so that's the fuel
filter and the oil and it's 86 degrees
right now at 6:30 at night on an
November it's hot hot it needs to cool
off watch this